Hahahahahaha
I know. I know.
My family is long live
Long live my sunshine
Master Wu, let's send so much money and food
Can we take it?
How about this money for me?
Just a traitor on a drop in the bucket
Haha, as long as you brothers are willing to follow me.
I will send more food and money in the future.
20 bucks ocean
Our whole family doesn't have it either.
It's not worth so much to sell my life
You stop, I regret it now.
Can you stay?
Of course I want to stay, I welcome you too
Get your wallet and go
Thank you Wu Jiazhu
He has so much money
He stews meat buns to eat
We are not going
You've all figured it out.
Zhang Deshuai is about to call
Are you really sure you want to stay?
Where is it not Lao Zhang who should stay?
Don't go if you die
Let's go. Where are we going?
Where did you say you were going?
Wujiazhuang, if I say I am willing to stay
Can you give me more ocean?
How much do you want?
Wu Clan Master
We also had 20 oceans a month before.
excited
No matter what, it has to be like this than soldier Domana
Worship
Increase tenfold every month
Which is 2 million ocean
See Mayor Wu
Long live Mayor Wu